Sister, you are drinking too much.
I didn't drink too much.
I promise.
The guy with the gun is something that can't hold up
younger sister
What did Fang want to do to you?
You have no idea.
From that guy
Go and scan the things you didn't pay attention to several times
The room took advantage of me
Bullied me several times
Who is it so late?
Miss Me
Sister, you are so beautiful.
What's up?
Just have fun today, hahaha.
I've had a crush on you for a long time
Just have a good day today
Hahahaha
You get me out
Otherwise, otherwise.
Hahaha sister, if you don't play, you won't play.
What Fang Shiqiang
You are risking your life.
Even my sister
If I don't kill you, Ouyang Feilong doesn't deserve to be a man.
Why? Why is this happening?
younger sister
Why didn't you say it before and now?
You believe in Fang Shiqing
If I say something bad about him, you will scold me.
What can I do but hold back
That's my murderer.
You are an accomplice